# My name is Chris Ritter

Welcome to the blog

I am a Junior studying Computer Science, with a minor in Leadership Studies.

Last Spring, I took Dr. Tfirn's class on Digital Music, which was part of the Digital Humanities Minor, and I really enoyed it. A friend I knew from high school also graduated last year with a minor in DH, and he spoke very highly of it. I needed another WI class, and taking all the other courses for the DH minor will help me meet the requirements for my degree, so it is very likely that I'll be adding DH officially as a second minor.

In the long run, my dream job is to be a game developer. I've done a lot of research about the field and determined that is... Right now I am in the process of applying for the 5-year masters' program for Computer Science here at CNU.

I am a member of the Upsilon Pi Epsilon Honors society for Computer Science, and I am also a member and music director of the Expansion All-Male Acapella group here on campus.

Right now, I work in the University's IT department as a student assistant, and am waiting to hear back from a consulting firm called Knowledge Bridge International about an internship

I'm a big fan of Video Games and Virtual Reality. Some of my favorite games are _Dark Souls_, _Team Fortress 2_, and _Morrowind_ After reading so many definitions of Digital Humanities, I don't think that video games are inherently DH, but there are definitely some that are, in my opinion. I first tried VR in 2015 or so, when **Google Cardboard** came out. Years later, in 2018, I tried out my roommate's **Oculus Rift CV1** and I fell in love with VR. I started saving up, and in 2019 I bought the **Valve Index**, a top of the line VR headset. I've explored a ton of different games and applications in VR, and I hope to work on (or _in_) VR one day.
